group (m)	core	 This is a mandatory variable
admin-port (m)	port-number	The port number in which the bearerbox listens to HTTP administration commands. It is NOT the same as the HTTP port of the local HTTP server, just invent any port, but it must be over 1023 unless you are running Kannel as a root process (not recommended)
admin-port-ssl (o)	bool	If set to true a SSL-enabled administration HTTP server will be used instead of the default insecure plain HTTP server. To access the administration pages you will have to use a HTTP client that is capable of talking to such a server. Use the "https://" scheme to access the secured HTTP server. Defaults to "no".
admin-password (m)	string	Password for HTTP administration commands (see below)
status-password	string	Password to request Kannel status. If not set, no password is required, and if set, either this or admin-password can be used
admin-deny-ip	IP-list	These lists can be used to prevent connection from given IP addresses. Each list can have several addresses, separated with semicolons (';'). An asterisk ('*') can be used as a wild-card in a place of any ONE number, so *.*.*.* matches any IP.
admin-allow-ip	IP-list	These lists can be used to prevent connection from given IP addresses. Each list can have several addresses, separated with semicolons (';'). An asterisk ('*') can be used as a wild-card in a place of any ONE number, so *.*.*.* matches any IP.
smsbox-port (c)	port-number	This is the port number to which the smsboxes, if any, connect. As with admin-port, this can be anything you want. Must be set if you want to handle any SMS traffic.
smsbox-port-ssl (o)	bool	If set to true, the smsbox connection module will be SSL-enabled. Your smsboxes will have to connect using SSL to the bearerbox then. This is used to secure communication between bearerbox and smsboxes in case they are in separate networks operated and the TCP communication is not secured on a lower network layer. Defaults to "no".
wapbox-port (c)	port-number	Like smsbox-port, but for wapbox-connections. If not set, Kannel cannot handle WAP traffic
wapbox-port-ssl (o)	bool	If set to true, the wapbox connection module will be SSL-enabled. Your wapboxes will have to connect using SSL to the bearerbox then. This is used to secure communication between bearerbox and wapboxes in case they are in separate networks operated and the TCP communication is not secured on a lower network layer. Defaults to "no".
box-deny-ip	IP-list	These lists can be used to prevent box connections from given IP addresses. Each list can have several addresses, separated with semicolons (';'). An asterisk ('*') can be used as a wild-card in place of any ONE number, so *.*.*.* matches any IP.
box-allow-ip	IP-list	These lists can be used to prevent box connections from given IP addresses. Each list can have several addresses, separated with semicolons (';'). An asterisk ('*') can be used as a wild-card in place of any ONE number, so *.*.*.* matches any IP.
udp-deny-ip	IP-list	These lists can be used to prevent UDP packets from given IP addresses, thus preventing unwanted use of the WAP gateway. Used the same way as box-deny-ip and box-allow-ip.
udp-allow-ip	IP-list	These lists can be used to prevent UDP packets from given IP addresses, thus preventing unwanted use of the WAP gateway. Used the same way as box-deny-ip and box-allow-ip.
wdp-interface-name (c)	IP or '*'	If this is set, Kannel listens to WAP UDP packets incoming to ports 9200-9208, bound to given IP. If no specific IP is needed, use just an asterisk ('*'). If UDP messages are listened to, wapbox-port variable MUST be set.
log-file	filename	A file in which to write a log. This in addition to stdout and any log file defined in command line. Log-file in 'core' group is only used by the bearerbox.
log-level	number 0..5	Minimum level of log-file events logged. 0 is for 'debug', 1 'info', 2 'warning, 3 'error' and 4 'panic' (see Command Line Options)
access-log	filename	A file in which information about received/sent SMS messages is stored. Access-log in 'core' group is only used by the bearerbox.
access-log-clean	boolean	Indicates if access-log will contain standard 'markers', which means the 'Log begins', 'Log ends' markers and the prefixed timestamp. This config directive should be set to 'true' if a custom logging format is desired without a prefixed default timestamp.
access-log-format	string	String defining a custom log file line format. May use escape codes as defined later on to substitute values of the messages into the log entry. If no custom log format is used the standard format will be: "%t %l [SMSC:%i] [SVC:%n] [ACT:%A] [BINF:%B] [FID:%F] [META:%D] [from:%p] [to:%P] [flags:%m:%c:%M:%C:%d] [msg:%L:%b] [udh:%U:%u]"
unified-prefix	prefix-list	String to unify received phone numbers, for SMSC routing and to ensure that SMS centers can handle them properly. This is applied to 'sender' number when receiving SMS messages from SMS Center and for 'receiver' number when receiving messages from smsbox (either sendsms message or reply to original message). Format is that first comes the unified prefix, then all prefixes which are replaced by the unified prefix, separated with comma (','). For example, for Finland an unified-prefix "+358,00358,0;+,00" should do the trick. If there are several unified prefixes, separate their rules with semicolon (';'), like "+35850,050;+35840,040". Note that prefix routing is next to useless now that there are SMSC ID entries. To remove prefixes, use like "-,+35850,050;-,+35840,040".
white-list	URL	Load a list of accepted senders of SMS messages. If a sender of an SMS message is not in this list, any message received from the SMS Center is discarded. See notes of phone number format from numhash.h header file. NOTE: the system has only a precision of last 9 or 18 digits of phone numbers, so beware!
black-list	URL	As white-list, but SMS messages to these numbers are automatically discarded
store-type	filename	Kannel can use store subsystem that means storing messages on hard disk until they are successfully handled. By using this subsystem, no SMS messages are lost in Kannel even by crash, but theoretically some messages can duplicate when system is taken down violently. This variable defines a type of backend used for store subsystem. Now two types are supported: a) file: writes store into one single file b) spool: writes store into spool directory (one file for each message)
store-location	filename	Depends on store-type option used, it is ether file or spool directory.
store-dump-freq	seconds	Approximated frequency how often the memory dump of current pending messages are stored to store-file, providing something has happened. Defaults to 10 seconds if not set.
http-proxy-host	hostname	Enable the use of an HTTP proxy for all HTTP requests.
http-proxy-port	port-number
http-proxy-exceptions	URL-list	A list of excluded hosts from being used via a proxy. Separate each entry with space.
http-proxy-exceptions-regex	UNIX regular expression	Same as http-proxy-exceptions but match against UNIX regular expression.
http-proxy-username	username	Username for authenticating proxy use, for proxies that require this.
http-proxy-password	URL-list	Password for authenticating proxy use, for proxies that require this.
ssl-client-certkey-file (c)	filename	A PEM encoded SSL certificate and private key file to be used with SSL client connections. This certificate is used for the HTTPS client side only, i.e. for SMS service requests to SSL-enabled HTTP servers.
ssl-server-cert-file (c)	filename	A PEM encoded SSL certificate file to be used with SSL server connections. This certificate is used for the HTTPS server side only, i.e. for the administration HTTP server and the HTTP interface to send SMS messages.
ssl-server-key-file (c)	filename	A PEM encoded SSL private key file to be used with SSL server connections. This key is associated to the specified certificate and is used for the HTTPS server side only.
ssl-trusted-ca-file	filename	This file contains the certificates Kannel is willing to trust when working as a HTTPS client. If this option is not set, certificates are not validated and those the identity of the server is not proven.
dlr-storage	type	Defines the way DLRs are stored. If you have build-in external DLR storage support, i.e. using MySQL you may define here the alternative storage type like 'mysql'. Supported types are: internal, mysql, pgsql, sdb, mssql and oracle. By default this is set to 'internal'.
maximum-queue-length	number of messages	(deprecated, see sms-incoming-queue-limit).
sms-incoming-queue-limit	number of messages	Set maximum size of incoming message queue. After number of messages has hit this value, Kannel began to discard them. Value 0 means giving strict priority to outgoing messages. -1, default, means that the queue of infinite length is accepted. (This works with any normal input, use this variable only when Kannel message queues grow very long).
sms-outgoing-queue-limit	number of messages	Set maximum size of outgoing message queue. After number of messages has hit this value, Kannel began to discard them. The default value, 1 million, works for most installations.
white-list-regex	POSIX regular expression	A regular expression defining the set of accepted senders. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
black-list-regex	POSIX regular expression	A regular expression defining the set of rejected senders. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
smsbox-max-pending	number of messages	Maximum number of pending messages on the line to smsbox compatible boxes.
sms-resend-freq	seconds	Frequency for the SMS resend thread in which temporarily failed or queued messages will be resent. Defaults to 60 seconds.
sms-resend-retry	number	Maximum retry attempts for the temporarily failed messages. Defaults to -1, means: unlimited.
sms-combine-concatenated-mo	boolean	Whether Kannel should attempt to combine concatenated MO SMS prior to passing them over to smsbox. Default is true
sms-combine-concatenated-mo-timeout	seconds	How long to wait for all concatenated message parts to arrive before timeouting. Default 1800 seconds.
http-timeout	seconds	Sets socket timeout in seconds for outgoing client http connections. Optional. Defaults to 240 seconds. 
