host (m)	hostname	 Machine that runs SMSC. As IP (100.100.100.100) or hostname (their.machine.here)
port (m)	port-number	The port number for the TRANSMITTER connection to the SMSC. May be the same as receive-port. Use value 0 to disable this I/O thread.
use-ssl	bool	Defines whether we should try to bind with SSL enabled connection.
transceiver-mode	bool	Attempt to use a TRANSCEIVER mode connection to the SM-SC. It uses the standard transmit 'port', there is no need to set 'receive-port'. This is a SMPP 3.4 only feature and will not work on an earlier SM-SC. This will try a bind_transceiver only and will not attempt to fall back to doing transmit and receive on the same connection.
receive-port	port-number	The port number for the RECEIVER connection to the SMSC. May be the same as port. Use value 0 to disable this I/O thread.
smsc-username (m)	string	The 'username' of the Messaging Entity connecting to the SM-SC. If the SM-SC operator reports that the "TELEPATH SYSTEM MANAGER TERMINAL" view "Control.Apps.View" value "Name:" is "SMPP_ZAPVMA_T" for the transmitter and "SMPP_ZAPVMA_R" for the receiver the smsc-username value is accordingly "SMPP_ZAP". Note that this used to be called system-id (the name in SMPP documentation) and has been changed to smsc-username to make all Kannel SMS center drivers use the same name.
smsc-password (m)	string	The password matching the "smsc-username" your teleoperator provided you with.
system-type (m)	string	Usually you can get away with "VMA" which stands for Voice Mail Activation.
service-type	string	Optional; if specified, sets the service type for the SMSC. If unset, the default service type is used. This may be used to influence SMS routing (for example). The SMSC operator may also refer to this as the "profile ID". The maximum length of the service type is 6, according to the SMPP specification v3.4.
interface-version	number	Change the "interface version" parameter sent from Kannel to a value other then 0x34 (for SMPP v3.4). the value entered here should be the hexadecimal representation of the interface version parameter. for example, the default (if not set) is "34" which stands for 0x34. for SMPP v3.3 set to "33".
address-range (m)	string	According to the SMPP 3.4 spec this is supposed to affect which MS's can send messages to this account. Doesn't seem to work, though.
my-number	number	Optional smsc short number. Should be set if smsc sends a different one.
enquire-link-interval	number	Optional the time lapse allowed between operations after which an SMPP entity should interrogate whether it's peer still has an active session. The default is 30 seconds.
max-pending-submits	number	Optional the maximum number of outstanding (i.e. acknowledged) SMPP operations between an ESME and SMSC. This number is not specified explicitly in the SMPP Protocol Specification and will be governed by the SMPP implementation on the SMSC. As a guideline it is recommended that no more than 10 (default) SMPP messages are outstanding at any time.
reconnect-delay	number	Optional the time between attempts to connect an ESME to an SMSC having failed to connect initiating or during an SMPP session. The default is 10 seconds.
source-addr-ton	number	Optional, source address TON setting for the link. (Defaults to 0).
source-addr-npi	number	Optional, source address NPI setting for the link. (Defaults to 1).
source-addr-autodetect	boolean	Optional, if defined tries to scan the source address and set TON and NPI settings accordingly. If you don't want to autodetect the source address, turn this off, by setting it to no. (Defaults to yes).
dest-addr-ton	number	Optional, destination address TON setting for the link. (Defaults to 0).
dest-addr-npi	number	Optional, destination address NPI setting for the link. (Defaults to 1).
bind-addr-ton	number	Optional, bind address TON setting for the link. (Defaults to 0).
bind-addr-npi	number	Optional, bind address NPI setting for the link. (Defaults to 0).
msg-id-type	number	Optional, specifies which number base the SMSC is using for the message ID numbers in the corresponding submit_sm_resp and deliver_sm PDUs. This is required to make delivery reports (DLR) work on SMSC that behave differently. The number is a combined set of bit 1 and bit 2 that indicate as follows: bit 1: type for submit_sm_resp, bit 2: type for deliver_sm. If the bit is set then the value is in hex otherwise in decimal number base. Which means the following combinations are possible and valid: 0x00 deliver_sm decimal, submit_sm_resp decimal; 0x01 deliver_sm decimal, submit_sm_resp hex; 0x02 deliver_sm hex, submit_sm_resp decimal; 0x03 deliver_sm hex, submit_sm_resp hex. In accordance to the SMPP v3.4 specs the default will be a C string literal if no of the above values is explicitly indicated using the config directive.
alt-charset	string	Defines which character encoding is used for this specific smsc link. Uses iconv() routines to convert from and to that specific character set encoding. See your local iconv_open(3) manual page for the supported character encodings and the type strings that should be presented for this directive.
alt-addr-charset	string	Defines which character encoding is used for alphanumeric addresses. When set to GSM, addresses are converted into the GSM 03.38 charset (Since @ is translated into 0x00 which will break the SMPP PDU, @ replaced with ?). If set to another value, iconv() is used. (Defaults to windows-1252)
connection-timeout	number (seconds)	This timer specifies the maximum time lapse allowed between transactions , after which period of inactivity, an SMPP driver may assume that the session is no longer active and does reconnect. Defaults to 300 seconds, to disable set it to 0.
wait-ack	number (seconds)	A message is resent if the acknowledge from SMSC takes more than this time. Defaults to 60 seconds.
wait-ack-expire	number	Defines what kind of action should be taken if the ack of a message expires. The options for this value are: 0x00 - disconnect/reconnect, (default) 0x01 - as is now, re-queue, but this could potentially result in the msg arriving twice 0x02 - just carry on waiting (given that the wait-ack should never expire this is the must accurate)
validityperiod	integer	How long the message will be valid, i.e., how long the SMSC will try try to send the message to the recipient. Defined in minutes. 
