group (m)	sms-service	 This is a mandatory variable 
keyword (m)	word	 Services are identified by the first word in the SMS. Each `%s' in the URL corresponds to one word in the SMS message. Words are separated with spaces. A keyword is matched only if the number of words in the SMS message is the same as the number of `%s' fields in the URL. This allows you to configure the gateway to use different URLs for the same keyword depending on the number of words the SMS message contains. The keyword is case insensitive, which means you don't have to use aliases to handle different cased versions of your keyword.
keyword-regex	POSIX regular expression	 This field may be used to enable service-selection based on a regular expression. You can define either keyword or keyword-regex in configuration, but not both in the same sms-service. keyword-regex is case sensitive. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
aliases	word-list	If the service has aliases, they are listed as a list with each entry separated with a semicolon (';'). Aliases are case insensitive just like keyword.
name	string	Optional name to identify the service in logs. If unset, keyword is used.
get-url (c)	URL	Requested URL. The url can include a list of parameters, which are parsed before the url is fetched. See below for these parameters. Also works with plain 'url'
post-url (c)	URL	Requested URL. As above, but request is done as POST, not GET. Always matches the keyword, regardless of pattern matching. See notes on POST other where.
post-xml (c)	URL	Requested URL. As above, but request is done as XML POST. Always matches the keyword, regardless of pattern matching. See notes on POST other where and XML Post
file (c)	filename	File read from a local disc. Use this variable only if no url is set. All escape codes (parameters) in url are supported in filename. The last character of the file (usually linefeed) is removed.
text (c)	string	Predefined text answer. Only if there is neither url nor file set. Escape codes (parameters) are usable here, too.
exec (c)	string	Executes the given shell command as the current UID of the running smsbox user and returns the output to stdout as reply. Escape codes (parameters) are usable here, too. BEWARE: You may harm your system if you use this sms-service type without serious caution! Make sure anyone who is allowed to use these kind of services is checked using white/black-list mechanisms for security reasons.
accepted-smsc	id-list	Accept ONLY SMS messages arriving from SMSC with matching ID. [a] Separate multiple entries with ';'. For example, if accepted-smsc is "RL;SON", accept messages which originate from SMSC with ID set as 'RL' or 'SON'
accepted-account	id-list	Accept ONLY SMS messages arriving with a matching ACCOUNT field. [b] Separate multiple entries with ';'. For example, if accepted-account is "FOO;BAR", accept messages which originate with the ACCOUNT field set as 'FOO' or 'BAR'
allowed-prefix	prefix-list	A list of phone number prefixes of the sender number which are accepted to be received by this service. [c] Multiple entries are separated with semicolon (';'). For example, "91;93" selects this service for these prefixes. If denied-prefix is unset, only this numbers are allowed. If denied is set, number are allowed if present in allowed or not in denied list.
denied-prefix	prefix-list	A list of phone number prefixes of the sender number which are NOT accepted to be sent through this SMSC.
allowed-receiver-prefix	prefix-list	A list of phone number prefixes of the receiver number which are accepted to be received by this service. This may be used to allow only inbound SMS to certain shortcut numbers to be allowed to this service.
denied-receiver-prefix	prefix-list	A list of phone number prefixes of the receiver number which are NOT accepted to be sent through this SMSC.
catch-all	bool	Catch keyword regardless of '%s' parameters in pattern.
send-sender	bool	Used only with POST. If set to true, number of the handset is set, otherwise not.
strip-keyword	bool	Used only with POST. Remove matched keyword from message text before sending it onward.
faked-sender	phone-number	This number is set as sender. Most SMS centers ignore this, and use their fixed number instead. This option overrides all other sender setting methods.
max-messages	number	If the message to be sent is longer than maximum length of an SMS it will be split into several parts. max-messages lets you specify a maximum number of individual SMS messages that can be used. If max-messages is set to 0, no reply is sent, except for error messages.
accept-x-kannel-headers	bool	Request reply can include special X-Kannel headers but these are only accepted if this variable is set to true. See Extended headers.
assume-plain-text	bool	If client does not set Content-Type for reply, it is normally application/octet-stream which is then handled as data in Kannel. This can be forced to be plain/text to allow backward compatibility, when data was not expected.
concatenation	bool	Long messages can be sent as independent SMS messages with concatenation = false or as concatenated messages with concatenation = true. Concatenated messages are reassembled into one long message by the receiving device.
split-chars	string	Allowed characters to split the message into several messages. So, with "#!" the message is split from last '#' or '!', which is included in the previous part.
split-suffix	string	If the message is split into several ones, this string is appended to each message except the last one.
omit-empty	bool	Normally, Kannel sends a warning to the user if there was an empty reply from the service provider. If omit-empty is set to 'true', Kannel will send nothing at all in such a case.
header	string	If specified, this string is automatically added to each SMS sent with this service. If the message is split, it is added to each part.
footer	string	As header, but not inserted into head but appended to end.
prefix	string	Stuff in answer that is cut away, only things between prefix and suffix is left. Not case sensitive. Matches the first prefix and then the first suffix. These are only used for url type services, and only if both are specified.
suffix	string
white-list	URL	Load a list of accepted senders of SMS messages. If a sender of an SMS message is not in this list, any message received from the SMSC is rejected, unless a black-list service is defined. See notes of phone number format from numhash.h header file.
black-list	URL	As white-list, but SMS messages from these numbers are automatically discarded
accepted-smsc-regex	POSIX regular expression	Accept only SMS messages arriving from SMSCs with a matching ID. [d] See section on Regular Expressions for details.
accepted-account-regex	POSIX regular expression	Accept ONLY SMS messages arriving with a matching ACCOUNT field. [e] See section on Regular Expressions for details.
allowed-prefix-regex	POSIX regular expression	A set of phone number prefixes of sender-numbers accepted by this service. [f] See section on Regular Expressions for details.
denied-prefix-regex	POSIX regular expression	A set of phone number prefixes of sender-numbers which may not use this service. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
allowed-receiver-prefix-regex	POSIX regular expression	A set of phone number prefixes of receiver-numbers which may receive data sent by this service. This can be used to allow only inbound SMS to certain shortcut numbers to be allowed to this service. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
denied-receiver-prefix-regex	POSIX regular expression	A set of phone number prefixes of receiver-numbers which may not receive data sent by this service. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
white-list-regex	POSIX regular expression	Defines a set of accepted senders of SMS messages. If a sender of an SMS message is not in this list, the message is rejected. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
black-list-regex	POSIX regular expression	As white-list-regex, but SMS messages from these numbers are automatically discarded. See section on Regular Expressions for details. 