group (m)	smsc	 This is a mandatory variable
smsc (m)	string	Identifies the SMS center type. See below for a complete list.
smsc-id	string	An optional name or id for the smsc. Any string is acceptable, but semicolon ';' may cause problems, so avoid it and any other special non-alphabet characters. This 'id' is written into log files and can be used to route SMS messages, and to specify the used SMS-service. Several SMSCs can have the same id. The name is case-insensitive. Note that if SMS Center connection has an assigned SMSC ID, it does NOT automatically mean that messages with identical SMSC ID are routed to it; instead configuration variables denied-smsc-id, allowed-smsc-id and preferred-smsc-id is used for that. If you want to use Delivery Reports, you must define this.
smsc-admin-id	string	An optional id for the smsc to be used on administrative commands. This allows commands targeted to individual binds even if they share the same smsc-id (for load balancing scenarios, for example). Any string is acceptable, but semicolon ';' may cause problems, so avoid it and any other special non-alphabet characters. Several SMSCs can have the same admin-id, though it's not recommended. The name is case-insensitive.
throughput	float (messages/sec)	If SMSC requires that Kannel limits the number of messages per second, use this variable. This is considered as active throttling. (optional)
denied-smsc-id	id-list	SMS messages with SMSC ID equal to any of the IDs in this list are never routed to this SMSC. Multiple entries are separated with semicolons (';')
allowed-smsc-id	id-list	This list is opposite to previous: only SMS messages with SMSC ID in this list are ever routed to this SMSC. Multiple entries are separated with semicolons (';')
preferred-smsc-id	id-list	SMS messages with SMSC ID from this list are sent to this SMSC instead than to SMSC without that ID as preferred. Multiple entries are separated with semicolons (';')
allowed-prefix	prefix-list	A list of phone number prefixes which are accepted to be sent through this SMSC. Multiple entries are separated with semicolon (';'). For example, "040;050" prevents sending of any SMS message with prefix of 040 or 050 through this SMSC. If denied-prefix is unset, only these numbers are allowed. If set, number are allowed if present in allowed or not in denied list.
denied-prefix	prefix-list	A list of phone number prefixes which are NOT accepted to be sent through this SMSC.
preferred-prefix	prefix-list	As denied-prefix, but SMS messages with receiver starting with any of these prefixes are preferably sent through this SMSC. In a case of multiple preferences, one is selected at random (also if there are preferences, SMSC is selected randomly)
unified-prefix	prefix-list	String to unify received phone numbers, for SMSC routing and to ensure that SMS centers can handle them properly. This is applied to 'sender' number when receiving SMS messages from SMS Center and for 'receiver' number when receiving messages from smsbox (either sendsms message or reply to original message). Format is that first comes the unified prefix, then all prefixes which are replaced by the unified prefix, separated with comma (','). For example, for Finland an unified-prefix "+358,00358,0;+,00" should do the trick. If there are several unified prefixes, separate their rules with semicolon (';'), like "+35850,050;+35840,040". Note that prefix routing is next to useless now that there are SMSC ID entries. To remove prefixes, use like "-,+35850,050;-,+35840,040".
alt-charset	number	As some SMS Centers do not follow the standards in character coding, an alt-charset character conversion is presented. This directive acts different for specific SMSC types. Please see your SMSC module type you want to use for more details.
alt-dcs	boolean	Optional data coding scheme value usage. Sets the 'alt-dcs' value for the sendsms HTTP interface to a fixed value for each SMS sent via this SMSC connection. If equals to yes, uses FX. If equals to no (default), uses 0X.
our-host	hostname	Optional hostname or IP address in which to bind the connection in our end. TCP/IP connection only.
log-file	filename	A file in which to write a log of the given smsc output. Hence this allows to log smsc specific entries to a separate file.
log-level	number 0..5	Minimum level of log-file events logged. 0 is for 'debug', 1 'info', 2 'warning, 3 'error' and 4 'panic' (see Command Line Options)
reconnect-delay	number	Number of seconds to wait between single re-connection attempts. Hence all SMSC modules should use this value for their re-connect behavior. (Defaults to '10' seconds).
reroute	boolean	If set for a smsc group, all inbound messages coming from this smsc connection are passed internally to the outbound routing functions. Hence this messages is not delivered to any connected box for processing. It is passed to the bearerbox routing as if it would have originated from an externally connected smsbox. (Defaults to 'no').
reroute-smsc-id	string	Similar to 'reroute'. Defines the explicit smsc-id the MO message should be passed to for MT traffic. Hence all messages coming from the the configuration group smsc are passed to the outbound queue of the specified smsc-id. This allows direct proxying of messages between 2 smsc connections without injecting them to the general routing procedure in bearerbox.
reroute-receiver	string	Similar to 'reroute'. Defines the explicit smsc-id routes for specific receiver numbers of messages that are coming from this smsc connection. Format is that first comes the smsc-id to route the message to, then all receiver numbers that should be routed, separated with comma (','). For example, route receivers 111 and 222 to smsc-id A and 333 and 444 to smsc-id B would look like: "A,111,222; B,333,444".
reroute-dlr	boolean	Indicate whether DLR's should be re-routed too, if one of above reroute rules are enabled. Please note, that SMSC-Module should support DLR sending. At time of writing none of SMSC-Module supports DLR sending.
allowed-smsc-id-regex	POSIX regular expression	SMS messages with SMSC ID equal to any of the IDs in this set of SMSC IDs are always routed to this SMSC. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
denied-smsc-id-regex	POSIX regular expression	SMS messages with SMSC ID equal to any of the IDs in this set of SMSC IDs are never routed to this SMSC. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
preferred-smsc-id-regex	POSIX regular expression	SMS messages with SMSC ID in this set of SMSC IDs are sent to this SMSC as preferred. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
allowed-prefix-regex	POSIX regular expression	A set of phone number prefixes which are accepted to be sent through this SMSC. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
denied-prefix-regex	POSIX regular expression	A set of phone number prefixes which may not be sent through this SMSC. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
preferred-prefix-regex	POSIX regular expression	As denied-prefix-regex, but SMS messages with receiver matching any of these prefixes are preferably sent through this SMSC. In a case of multiple preferences, one is selected at random. See section on Regular Expressions for details.
max-sms-octets	number	Maximum allowed octets for this SMSC. If this maximum exceeds Kannel will split SMS into multiparts. Default: 140
meta-data	string	url-encoded string with properly formatted meta-data pair(s).. See Meta Data for an explanation about meta-data configuration and encoding. 
