group (m)	wapbox	 This is mandatory variable
bearerbox-host (m)	hostname	The machine in which the bearerbox is.
timer-freq	value-in-seconds	The frequency of how often timers are checked out. Default is 1
http-interface-name	IP address	If this is set then Kannel do outgoing HTTP requests using this interface.
map-url	URL-pair	The pair is separated with space. Adds a single mapping for the left side URL to the given destination. If you append an asterisk `*' to the left side URL, its prefix Is matched against the incoming URL. Whenever the prefix matches, the URL will be replaced completely by the right side. In addition, if if you append an asterisk to the right side URL, the part of the incoming URL coming after the prefix, will be appended to the right side URL. Thus, for a line: map-url = "http://source/* http://destination/*" and an incoming URL of "http://source/some/path", the result will be "http://destination/some/path"
map-url-max	number	If you need more than one mapping, set this to the highest number mapping you need. The default gives you 10 mappings, numbered from 0 to 9. Default: 9
map-url-0	URL-pair	Adds a mapping for the left side URL to the given destination URL. Repeat these lines, with 0 replaced by a number up to map-url-max, if you need several mappings.
device-home	URL	Adds a mapping for the URL DEVICE:home (as sent by Phone.com browsers) to the given destination URL. There is no default mapping. NOTE: the mapping is added with both asterisks, as described above for the "map-url" setting. Thus, the above example line is equivalent to writing map-url = "DEVICE:home* http://some.where/*"
log-file	filename	As with bearerbox 'core' group.
log-level	number 0..5
syslog-level	number	Messages of this log level or higher will also be sent to syslog, the UNIX system log daemon. The wapbox logs under the 'daemon' category. The default is not to use syslog, and you can set that explicitly by setting syslog-level to 'none'.
access-log	filename	A file containing all requested URLs from clients while wapbox operation, including client IP, HTTP server User-Agent string, HTTP response code, size of reply.
access-log-clean	boolean	Indicates if access-log will contain standard 'markers', which means the 'Log begins', 'Log ends' markers and the prefixed timestamp. This config directive should be set to 'true' if a custom logging format is desired without a prefixed default timestamp.
access-log-time	string	Determine which timezone we use for access logging. Use 'gmt' for GMT time, anything else will use local time. Default is local time.
smart-errors	bool	If set wapbox will return a valid WML deck describing the error that occurred while processing an WSP request. This may be used to have a smarter gateway and let the user know what happened actually.
wml-strict	bool	If set wapbox will use a strict policy in XML parsing the WML deck. If not set it will be more relaxing and let the XML parser recover from parsing errors. This has mainly impacts in how smart the WML deck and it's character set encoding can be adopted, even while you used an encoding that does not fit the XML preamble. BEWARE: This may be a vulnerability in your wapbox for large bogus WML input. Therefore this defaults to 'yes', strict parsing. is assumed.
http-timeout	seconds	Sets socket timeout in seconds for outgoing client http connections. Optional. Defaults to 240 seconds.
